CardView: describe API (part 5 - methods, header panel, columns) (#7377)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxCardView/1 Configuration/columns.md

An array of CardView columns.

---

> CardView inherits concept of **columns** from DataGrid. Though the CardView grid contains rows and columns, **columns** are entities found on each card. The header panel lists these **column** names. Within a card, these are called *fields*. Each field features a *caption*, often matching the column [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCardView/Configuration/columns/#dataField), and a unique *value* specific to the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CardView uses the concept of **columns** from DataGrid. While it has rows and columns, the **columns** appear as *fields* on each card. The header shows the column names, and each field on a card includes a *caption* that usually matches the column [dataField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCardView/Configuration/columns/#dataField), and a unique *value* specific to the card.
```
